Update _web-setup.md (#5393)
flutter/website: src/docs/get-started/install/_web-setup.md

## Web setup

> Flutter has support for building web applications using the
> `stable` channel. To add support for web development, follow
> [these instructions][] when you've completed the setup above.
> 
> [these instructions]: https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/web

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flutter has support for building web applications in the
`stable` channel. Any app created in Flutter 2 automatically
builds for the web. To add web support to an existing app, follow
the instructions on [Building a web application with Flutter][] 
when you've completed the setup above.

[Building a web app for Flutter]: /docs/get-started/web
```
